You are smart
Good man?
flexion and extension
Don't you still have Yuner to accompany you?
What are you afraid of?
Let's go
On my way.
Song Changqing, you can't protect your own woman
God, you and I take the bitch's mortal to the mail
What kind of man and woman are you?
Evergreen, what woman?
Nothing, he's crazy hahaha
Song Changqing, I'm crazy
You cross the river and demolish the bridge
Have you forgotten?
You said you wanted me to live the life of a eldest lady
I don't want to get up
I won't let you go.
Don't force me
Pushed me
Believe it or not
I'll pour out everything for you next time you come
What's next for me? Shut up
Don't listen to him
He's crazy talking nonsense
He just, uh, doesn't want to parade
So full of nonsense haha
You bastard you
I'm afraid I won't have any firewood
Ah, you, an inferior maid, still want to climb up to me
You're just delusional
You are a maid
Aren't you a bitch?
Miss Lin said you are a bitch
Let you bitch
Go parading with a bitch sign
So what's up?
Let's go
Go now.